okay you can show mama with them out
with a motherfucking new man
nothing but you on that Palermo doctor
keep talking you really on the side
it's time to do your motherfucking buzz
the buzz around our model
yo girl like the bus around my mouth
okay probably one I'm fucking not
and oh shit yeah turn into the baby you
won't burn - you wish it will be that
big but it's probably I think I'll let
me say maybe one date
I'm good job girl the matter by the
one-inch keep on giving out okay so why
live in a month clicking yeah no okay
together you guys you guys Stieg my
right 30 damn dollars mark on $70 okay
so
what does it fucking point Thanks that
motherfucking my part of months of
fucking life I like that
someone will give out like yours
I rather spend $30 on how did you cheat
well I got a lot of money but I don't
want to spend that much for some stupid
shit like that no it's hot take any with
me you made me feel about vocabulary
here you what you say that's not in your
vocabulary I'd say
youichi i'm leaving about you man you
got she's not slow reflexes I swear to
God for this game venue said what's the
fucker he's thank you may your ass they
don't cut there might be your name so
you got slower bezel on this game
because you look at my motherfuckin a
Mumbai Oh Seth muddy rivers almost every
chance ok you're lame and I listen your
name money Ripert ok can burn now my
that rowdy but take a key block now
I will school you go to fucking tell you
I wanna know him could you scare i'ma
come hard you know you sound like those
like frightening types know rape is a
regular girl she lock you up
you do that I'm gonna kick your yard
amny Kevin fucking punch it when you're
fuckin safe and I'm gonna kick your
young kneecap you're gonna be on the
water doing things you can't hear me cuz
I'm letting up details right now you
retarded man you talk like a
two-year-old baby I don't like it - I
hear old daddy the boy now you retired
mama set it up bangle had no choice it I
can't hear you
you guys don't dance I take each gene no
Mike you can't you know I think hear you
because you're fuckin stupid yo that may
be reason to you know that things are
used to hey